>> Kyle Simpson: Now we're using
a synchronous form of this read file,
because it's really easy to
use synchronous commands.
But you probably know that one of
the things that Node was designed to be is
asynchronous everywhere at
least as much as possible.
That's not entirely true because
from the very beginning, Node had
a synchronous require, so the truth is,
actually, that Node said,
everything that’s not part of
the startup should be asynchronous.
Well, in a command line script, everything
is part of the startup, basically.
So technically it doesn't matter if we
stay synchronous, because the chances of
you running thousands of
instances of your command line
script all at the same time, all against
the same part of the file system, and
blocking each other or whatever,
the chances of that are really low.
So it would be okay for us if we were just
doing some quick and dirty scripting,
to use the synchronous forms.
But since we're gonna be doing lots of
other things throughout the rest of
the exercise,
we really want to get experience
with practicing asynchronous stuff.
So if we take off the sync part, we're
now gonna be using the asynchronous form.
And the asynchronous form of
readFile expects a callback.
It's not gonna give us
our contents like that.
It's going to expect a callback.
So we can say onContents,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
there's one other little nuance,
which is that Node for
the most part uses a standard for
its callback signatures that the first
parameter is always the error parameter,
typically named err.
And we always need to check to make
sure that there wasn't an error, so
we're gonna say if(err),
then we probably just want to pass
that error directly along
to our print error handler.
But error here is gonna be another buffer,
so we wanna go ahead, I mean, it's gonna
be an object, so we wanna call ahead and
call toString on it so that will actually
print something useful for the reader.
And if it wasn't an error,
then we can write out thoser contents.
>> Kyle Simpson: When we run it
with an existent file, no change.
But now what happens if I give it
a file name that doesn't exist?
Well, now we get an error message.
It's not a great error message, but
it does at least tell us no such file or
directory, it was trying to access
this file and it couldn't find it.
So it's slightly more graceful handling.